In Basics, remove 'below' when refering to things that can float away (#1143)
datalad-handbook/book: docs/basics/101-101-create.rst

      datalad create --description "course on DataLad-101 on my private laptop" -c text2git DataLad-101

>    If you want, use the above command instead to provide a description. Its use will not be immediately clear, the chapter
>    :ref:`chapter_collaboration` will show you where this description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you want, use the above command instead to provide a description. Its use will not be immediately clear now, but the chapter
   :ref:`chapter_collaboration` shows where this description
```
